Kim Lip: It's the second set for Chuu's music video filming!
Chuu: Yes!
Kim Lip: Ta-da!
Kim Lip: But I don't know yet what she will have to do...
Chuu: I don't know too...
Chuu: But only thing I can see is the mint-colored wall.
(The scene that Chuu is watching Yves secretly while leaning on the wall!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / Chuu - Heart Attack"
Kim Lip: Can you see that book Yves' holding?
Kim Lip: That's a book written in English...
Kim Lip: But she looks like...
HaSeul: Yeah, she looks like very confident...
Kim Lip: But she must think like 'what does it mean...?' at heart
(HaSeul & Kim Lip looking around the whole set!)
(They met HyunJin in the middle of sightseeing!)
(Then they looking around again!)
Kim Lip: That is what I'm looking for!
(They found a ballet practice room!)
Kim Lip: So cute!
(There is no way she will miss that!)
Kim Lip: I'm gonna acting like Yves who doing ballet!
(Time to dance in front of the lighting!)
(Making shadow pictures!)
Kim Lip: Ooh, there is a dove!
Kim Lip: Chuu told me that do dance this move a lot!
(Give respect to Lip&Seul working hard for LOOΠΔ TV